Q: Is It Possible To Open An Account In The Country And Operate The Account While Out Of The Country?
A: Yes. The account can be operated through any of our card products or internet banking solution
Q: Do I Need A Withdrawal Booklet To Operate A Savings Account?
A: No. A withdrawal slip, located in all branches is all that is required to withdraw cash at any of the branches.
Q: How Can I Open A Salary Account?
A: Your company / organisation will write the bank to introduce the prospective account holder to the bank for account opening.
Q: How Long Does It Take Before My Account Becomes Inactive?
A: Current accounts become dormant after 6 months of inactivity.
Q: Can A Savings Account Become Dormant?
A: No. savings accounts do not go dormant.
Q: How Long Does It Take To Open An Account With The Bank?
Accounts are opened within 24 hours upon submission of complete documentation.
Q: Do I Get Charged For Operating And Doing Transactions From Another Branch Other Than Where My Account Was Opened?
A: No. There is no charge for operating your account from another branch.
Q: Can I Initiate Transfers From My Naira Account To My Dollar Account Or Dollar To My Naira Account?
A: No you cannot transfer funds from a Dollar to a Naira account and vice versa because both accounts are in different currencies. You can however convert funds in your dollar account to Naira and have this paid into your Naira account at the official exchange rate by visiting any branch nationwide.
Q: Can I Update My Account Details From Any Branch?
A: Yes. Account update requests can be made at any of the branches.
Q: Must I Visit My Branch To Request Any Product Or Service?
A: No. requests can be made from any of the bank's branches or through our Contact Centre.
Q: What Is The Minimum Account Opening Amount?
A: Accounts can be opened with any amount or with Zero balance as there is no minimum account opening amount requirement for all  account classes with the exception of our Gold and Platinum Accounts that have a N1 million and N3 million requirement respectively.
Q: How Long Does It Take For An Account To Be Transferred To Another Branch?
A: About 24 hours after the request has been received and duly approved.
Q: Will My Account Number Change If I Transfer My Account To Another Branch?
A: No, The NUBAN account series is unique and same. The only change is the address of the 
new branch that will appear on your next cheque book.
Q: Does A Savings Account Holder Get A Passbook To Run His/Her Account? If So, How?
A: No. A savings account holder can withdraw from his account at any of our branches by completing a withdrawal slip.
Q: Can The Same Individual Have More Than One Account With Different Branches?
A: It is possible, only if the customer has different classes of accounts. E.g. a customer can have a savings account with one branch and a current account with another branch but cannot have 2 savings accounts or 2 current accounts with 2 different branches or with the same branch.
Q: How Does A Customer Request A Cheque Book?
A: The customer will need to complete a cheque book requisition slip which can be gotten from any branch. Otherwise, the customer can write to the bank requesting a chequebook. In both cases, the request will need to be signed according to the mandate of the account. He can also apply via the Internet Banking platform or by self-service.
Q: How Long Does It Take For The Request To Be Processed?
A: It takes 24 hours for Lagos branches and 48 ” 72 hours for up-country branches (branches outside Lagos),
Q: How Many Leaves Are Contained In A Cheque Book And How Much Does It Cost?
A: A cheque book for an individual account may contain 20 or 50 leaves, and for a corporate account 50 or 100 leaves. 20leaves cost ₦525, 50leaves cost ₦1050 and 100leaves cost ₦2100.
Q: Can A Cheque Book Request Be Made In One Branch And The Cheque Book Collected From Another?
A: Yes. The customer will need to indicate at the point of request where he would like to pick the cheque book up from and the cheque book will be delivered to that branch.
Q: Can A Cheque Book Request Be Made Online?
A: Yes. There is an option for online request for users on our internet banking platform.
Q: Can A Third Party Collect A Customer’s Cheque Book? If So, How?
A: Yes, a third party can collect a cheque book on the account holder”s behalf. The account holder will need to write a letter authorizing the bearer to collect the cheque book on his behalf. The letter must be duly signed and the bearer must have a valid / acceptable means of identification.
Q: How Does A Customer Activate A New Cheque Book Recently Collected?
A: The customer will need to sign the cheque book acknowledgement slip. This slip is the first page in the cheque book. The signed slip is returned to the bank (through the Customer Services unit or the accounts officer) and the cheque book will be activated.
Q: What Does A Customer Who Has Misplaced His Cheque Book Do?
A: The customer should advise the bank immediately of the loss so that the cheque book will be blocked. To get another cheque book, copies of a sworn affidavit, police report and a completed indemnity form and a duly signed letter reporting the loss are required from the customer.
Q: What Are The Requirements For A Change Of Address?
A: A duly signed instruction from the account holder informing us of the change of address, as well as a current PUR which has the new address of the customer, are needed for a change of address.
Q: How Long Will It Take For The Change Of Address To Be Effected?
A: It will only take a few minutes, if all the requirements are in place.
Q: Will The Name Change Take Effect Immediately?
A: Yes. If all the requirements are in place, the name change will only take a few minutes.
Q: What Are The Requirements For A Change Of Name For A Corporate Account?
A: A new certificate of incorporation and a letter from the customer requesting a change.
Q: Will This Change Be Effected Immediately?
A: A search will be carried out on the new document and name will be changed if the search returns with matching information. edit button to change this text.
Q: What Do I Need To Run/Open A Fixed Deposit Account With The Bank?
A: If the customer has a current or savings account with the Bank, A duly signed letter of authority instructing the Bank to debit the proposed amount from the customer”s respective account will suffice. Such instructions from the customer will include specific details needed to book the fixed deposit such as the customer's account number, amount to be booked, tenor of deposit and the agreed rate. If the customer is not an account holder in the bank, he will have to open a fixed deposit account.
Q: What Is The Minimum And Maximum Tenor Obtainable?
A: Minimum tenor on fixed deposit is 30 days, whilst the maximum is as determined by the Bank based on current money market realities.
Q: How Is The Interest Accrued On A Deposit Calculated?
A: The interest accrued is calculated on simple interest basis.
Q: What Amount Is Deducted As Withholding Tax (WHT) And How Is It Calculated?
A: WHT charge is 10%. It is calculated as 10% of total accrued interest earned in a particular period on the fixed amount.
Q: How Can I Liquidate My Fixed/Call Deposit?
A: A duly signed letter of authority instructing the Bank to liquidate the fixed/call deposit will suffice.
Q: What Are Treasury Bills?
A: Treasury bills are government guaranteed debt instruments issued by CBN on behalf of FGN to finance short-term expenditure.
Q: What Are Treasury Bills Rates?
A: There are no specific rates for Treasury Bills as purchase is done through a bid/auction system organized by the CBN or through the Two Way Quote Market.
Q: What Tenors Are Available For Treasury Bills Investment?
A: Treasury Bills could either be 91, 182 or 364-Days tenor.
Q: What Is MPR?
A: MPR means Monetary Policy Rate. It is a bench mark rate introduced in 2006 to replace the Minimum Rediscount Rate (MRR). It serves as an indicative rate in the inter-bank market.
Q: What Is The Current Monetary Policy Rate (MPR)?
A: MPR is currently 12% (However this is subject to change at the discretion of the Monetary Policy Committee).
Q: What Is The Interbank Market?
A: The Interbank market is a medium by which Banks avail themselves of short-term funds on a daily basis to meet their short-term liquidity needs. Trading is usually done between Banks and Discount Houses only and the market is open from 10.00hrs ” 14.00hrs.
Q: What Does NIBOR Mean?
A: NIBOR is the Nigeria Inter Bank Offered Rate and it is determined by the Financial Markets Dealers Association (FMDA) with reference to various selected Banks. It is the average rate at which money is traded daily in the Interbank market for various tenors.
Q: What Does OBB And FBB Mean?
A: OBB means Open Buy Back and FBB means Fixed Buy Back. They are both products available in the Interbank market that enables banks to access short-term funds using their Government securities as collateral. The difference between the OBB and FBB is that OBB is open-ended (i.e. like a call deposit) while FBB has a fixed tenor.
Q: Where Can I Use My  Bank Credit Card?
A: You can use your Zenith Bank credit card to pay for goods and services at millions of establishments worldwide. Your card will be accepted at any establishment that displays the Visa or MasterCard logo.
Q: Can I Use My Zenith Bank Credit Card To Shop On The Internet?
A: You can use your Zenith Bank credit card to make online payments or to shop on the internet.
Q: Can I Withdraw Cash Using My  Bank Credit Card?
A: You can withdraw cash up to 100% of your credit limit from any ATM.
Q: Can I Use My  Bank Credit Card If I Have Used My Full Credit Limit?
A: No, you cannot use your credit card if you have used up your full credit limit until you repay. The amount repaid will then be available for your use, provided the account is not overdue.
Q: Is There Any Fee For Withdrawing Cash Using My  Bank Credit Card?
A: Every time you withdraw cash from either the ATM or agent POS, a cash advance fee of 4.5% of the amount withdrawn will be charged to your card. This will be reflected in your Credit Card statement.
Q: I Want To Know More About My Credit Card Statement?
A: At the end of every cycle, we mail your monthly credit card statement to your email address as indicated on your card application form. Your statement indicates your previous balance and gives a list of your current charges, any finance charges or fees, your payments and credits as well as your current balance. It also mentions the “Minimum Payment Due” and the “Payment Due Date”.
Q: How Do You Determine The Balance Mentioned In The Credit Card Statement?
A: Your total outstanding balance is shown as “Current Balance” on your Credit Card statement. The “Current Balance” is determined by adding any purchases and cash advances you made and subtracting payments or credits from the “Previous Balance”. Then appropriate finance charges and fees are added.
Q: My Credit Card Expires Next Month, What Am I Supposed To Do?
A: The Visa expiring cards are auto renewed one month to expiration day as long as the card was in use for the past 3 months. This means at the time your card expires, your new card will be available for pick up at your branch.
For Mastercard credit cards, customer is required to visit any  Bank branch and make a request for credit card re-issue.
Q: What Is The Maximum Amount I Can Withdraw From An ATM In 24hours?
A: You can withdraw a maximum of ₦20,000 per transaction and perform up to five transactions per day. In all, a customer can withdraw a maximum of ₦100,000 in a day. However, this may only apply to withdrawals made on  Bank ATMs.
Q: How Long Does It Take To Receive A Prepaid Card?
A: Your new card will be available for pick up at your requesting branch within 48hours however we offer the non-personalized variant which can be picked up instantly at any of our branches.
Q: What Should I Do When I Receive My Prepaid Card?
A: Simply load funds on your card and you will be able to transact with it within 24hours.
Q: How Do I Load Funds On My Prepaid Card?
A: Prepaid card load will be made available soon on our e-channels. In the interim, you can load your card with cash at any of our branches.
Q: Can I Use My Prepaid Card After The Loaded Funds Have Been Exhausted?
A: Your prepaid card is a reloadable card. You can add funds by reloading at any of our branches or transferring funds into it until the card expires.
Q: My Credit Card Expires Next Month. What Am I Supposed To Do?
A: Visa expiring cards are auto renewed one month to expiration day as long as the card was in use for the past 3 months. This means at the time your card expires, your new card will be available for pick up at your branch.
For Mastercard credit cards, customer is required to visit any  Bank branch and make a request for credit card re-issue.
Q:  What Is The Validity Of The Card?
A: MasterCard - 4 years
VISA - 4 years
AfriGO - 4 years
Verve - 3 years
Q: Can I Use The Card To Pay For Goods At Stores?
A: Yes, at POS terminals and on the Web.
Q: Can I Make Online Purchases With My Card?
A: Yes, always ensure it is a 3D secure site.
Q: What Is A Credit Card?
A: A Credit Card is a form of credit issued to customers and linked to a revolving credit account. Cardholders make repayment at the end of the cycle. Credit card cycle runs from 16th of the month to 15th of the next month. Credit cards let you borrow money to buy things now and pay later.
Q: What Are The Available Credit Card Product Types?
A: Visa Credit Card
   MasterCard Credit Card
Q: Who Is The Credit Card For?
A: Customers who enjoy a good relationship with the bank.
Customers who want an easy to use widely-accepted way of making payments.
Customers who want extra benefits such as insurance and emergency assistance.
Customers who are frequent travellers.
Q: What Classes Of Visa/MasterCard Credit Cards Are Available?
A: Classic, Gold, Platinum and Visa Infinite.
Q: Can I Have More Than One Credit Card? I.e. Visa And MasterCard
A: Yes. This will be determined by your credit history.
Q: Where Can I Use My Visa/MasterCard?
A: Zenith Visa/MasterCard credit card can be used wherever the Visa/MasterCard logo is displayed.
Q: Do I Have To Be A Customer Of The Bank To Get A Visa/MasterCard Credit Card?
A: Credit cards are targeted mainly at existing customers.
Q: Are There Any Transaction Limits On The Card?
A: Yes. Each card has its defined limits and usage parameters which is basically a fraud control measure. Parameters are set limits to the frequency and amounts for which a card can be used on a daily and monthly basis.
Q: How Much Do I Have To Settle On My Credit Card At The End Of The Cycle?
A: This is the percentage you have selected to pay back of your total outstanding usually 5%, 10%, 20%, 30%, 50% or 100%.
Q: How Do I Settle My Credit Card Transactions?
A: You can settle your card account in two ways:
Minimum Due Balance payment: This is settlement due from the cardholder based on the monthly statement issued. It is derived using your settlement method, which was selected on your application form. Based on the Direct Debit Mandate, this amount is automatically taken from your account during the settlement period.
Additional settlement: Where the cardholder personally decides to pay off all or part of the outstanding debt. In this case, the cardholder will initiate settlement on the Mobile App on Internet banking of visit the nearest branch.
Settlement period for minimum due is from 30th of every month.
Q: What Is A Supplementary Card?
A: A Supplementary card is issued where a cardholder wishes to share the card credit limit with another; for example a spouse, child relationship, sibling etc.
Q: What Are The Features Of The Supplementary Card?
A: The features include:
• A principal card must exist
• Both cards will share the principal’s card limit
• The principal cardholder is responsible for settlement of all transactions on the supplementary card.
Q: Hat Are The Loading Limits On Prepaid Card
A: The cummulative loading limit for prepaid cards are:
Naira prepaid card = N250,000
Dollar prepaid card = $5,000 quarterly
Pound prepaid card = £3,000 quarterly
Euro prepaid card = €4,000 quarterly
Q: What Card Can I Use For International Transactions?
A: The Foreign currency cards are suitable for international transactions.
Q: Can My Naira Card Work On Amazon Website Or Foreign Websites?
A: This service is currently unavailable on the  naira denominated cards, however you can opt for  foreign denominated cards. These cards are suitable for international transactions.
Q: What Is A Debit Card?
The Debit Card is a payment card that represents an electronic means of withdrawing money from your bank account or making purchases with the money in your bank account. The  Debit Card can be used on bank ATMs. It can also be used on POS terminals and online.
Q: What Is The Maximum Amount I Can Withdraw?
A: You can withdraw a maximum of ₦20,000 per transaction and perform up to five transactions per day. In all, a customer can withdraw a maximum of ₦100,000 in a day. However, this may only apply to withdrawals made on Bank ATMs.
Q: When I Insert My Debit Card In The ATM It Displays The Message “Card Cannot Be Read”
A: This means that the chip on the card chip may have been corrupted. Return the card to the Customer Service Unit (CSU) of your branch with a letter stating the issue and requesting another card. A new one will be processed for you.
Q: What If The ATM Rejects My Card?
A: Submit a letter of complaint to the CSU officers of your branch with a bad/faulty card attached.
Q: My ATM Transaction Was Declined With An "Incorrect PIN" Message. What Should I Do?
A: Visit any  bank branch and fill a pin re-issue form, a default pin will be issued to you.
Q: My Card Got Stuck In The ATM Machine?
A: If your card got stuck in a Bank ATM, report the incident to the branch CSU officer and provide a proof of identification for validation. This happens when the PIN is entered wrongly up to three times, or the card was reported missing and was hot listed. The card will be retrieved and given to you. 
Q: I Have Forgotten My Debit Card PIN
A: Submit a request for a new PIN through the CSU officers of your branch and a new PIN will be issued to you.
Q: Can I Tie Additional Accounts To My Debit Card?
A: Yes, you can tie additional accounts to your Debit Card. For fresh requests, there is provision on the Application Form for the main (default) account number to be documented. There is also the space provided on the same form for the other account numbers (that the customer has, with the bank and would like access to).If the customer has got his access codes for a particular account and would like to add another account to the facility, he /she is required to write a letter to that effect. The letter, which must be duly signed by him, must have the following details:
Full names
Account numbers (both existing and new)
Branch
This letter should be submitted to CSU.
Q: My Debit Card Has The Wrong Name On It?
A: Please return the card with a letter requesting for another Debit Card with the correct name on it, to the CSU officer of your branch. A new card will be reprinted for you.
Q: What Currency Is The Debit Card Available In?
A: NAIRA, US DOLLARS, EUROS AND POUNDS
Q: What Are The Features Of A Debit Card?
A: 24hrs remote access to your savings/current/cash domiciliary accounts in the bank.
Quick and easy means of payment; replacing cash and cheque.
Can be used wherever the card brand logo is displayed, at ATMs, POS, Web and Mail/Telephone Order.
Single currency functionality for MasterCard Visa and Verve cards.
No interest charges; no collateral required, no settlement required as cardholder spends only funds available in his/her account.
3D Online Security -One time password (OTP) is sent to customers mobile phone and email address to secure online transactions.
Online access to transaction history through Internet Banking.
Q: Can I Use My Foreign Currency Debit Card On Other Banks’ ATMs Within And Outside The Country?
A: Yes, on any ATM where the MasterCard/Visa/Verve acceptance logo is displayed.
Q: Can I View My Transactions Online?
A: Yes, by using your internet banking or Mobile App
Q: How Much Does A Debit Card Cost?
A: Naira debit card = N1,075
Dollar Debit card = $3
Pound Debit card = £2.30
Euro Debit card = €2.70
Q: What Card Types Are Offered In The Bank?
A: The Bank offers debit, credit and prepaid card types.
Q: Am I Required To Have An Account With The Bank Before Requesting For A Prepaid Card.
A: The Bank Prepaid card is available to both customers and non customers of the bank.
Q: What Is The Difference Between A Gift Card And A Prepaid Card?
A: Both cards require funds to be preloaded on them. However, the prepaid card is reloadable, while the gift card is not.
Q: What Reward Programs Does Zenith Bank Cards Offer?
A: Customers tends to enjoy all benefits associated with the scheme. Futhermore, the Banks premium cardholders enjoys free domestic/ int'l airport lounge access.
Q: Are There Any Travel Insurance Benefits Associated With Zenith Bank Cards?
A: The Bank premium cardholders have access to travel insurance benefits
Q: What Is The Interest Rate On A Credit Card?
A: 4.5% of total outstanding on the credit card
Q: How Long Does It Take To Get A Credit Card Approved?
A: Once the customer has met all the credit requirements, the card will be processed and made available within 1 week
Q: What Are The Requirements For A Credit Card?
A: The customer must be credit worthy or provide 100% cash collateral
Q: How Does One Become Eligible To Get A Credit Card?
A: The intended cardholder has to have an active account with the bank and also meet the credit card requirements of the bank.
Q: What Are The Types Of Debit Cards That Are Currently Offered/Available From Zenith Bank?
A: Our Debit Cards are available in Visa, MasterCard, AFRIGO and Verve card brands
Q: Where Can I Use A Virtual Card?
A: Virtual cards are developed mainly for online/ web transactions.
Q: What Is A Virtual Card?
A: A virtual card is a digital card that functions like a traditional credit or debit card but without a physical plastic.
Q: How Much Does A Virtual Card Cost?
A: The  bank Virtual card cost N500
Q: Can I Migrate From One Credit Class To Another E.g. From Classic To Gold?
 A: Yes. This will be determined by your credit history
Q: How Do I Get A Co-Branded Card?
A: Prepare a request letter on your company letterhead paper specifying the number of cards required and submit the request letter to the Customer Service Unit (CSU).
Q: How Can I Request A POS Terminal?
A: You can request a POS terminal through your relationship officer.
Q: How Long Does It Take To Deploy Terminal(S) To Merchants?
A: For Lagos locations, it is usually within 8 working days while it may take up to three (3) weeks for locations outside Lagos.
Q: How Can I Identify The Type Of Terminal That Is Deployed To Me As A Merchant?
A: The terminal type and model are boldly written on the face top of the Terminal e.g PAX S90 CDMA, Verifone VX 520 etc.
Q: Can My POS Terminals Run On My Local Area Network?
A: Yes, but the merchant must provide the necessary parameters required for setup.
Q: What Do I Do If I Am Getting The Error Message “ISSUER OR SWITCH INOPERATIVE”?
A: This may occur if the network of the bank that issued the card fails to connect or the switch that processes the card is having system downtime. You may ask the customer to use another bank”s card if available or try again later.
Q: What If The Cardholder's Account Is Debited Without Approved Receipt Printed On The POS Terminal?
A: Do not release goods or offer services for such transaction; there may be an automatic reversal of such transaction. Furthermore, the cardholder should visit his bank to lodge the complaint and ask for the Dispense Error Form.
Q: How Do I Reconcile The Bulk Settlement Made Into My Account For POS Transactions?
A: Request the POS Settlement Viewer through your Relationship Manager by supplying the following information;
1. Your desired Username
2. Email address
3. Account Number
Upon creation you will be advised with the login credentials to access the portal and view the breakdown of all transactions done on your POS terminal. The setup is instant.
Q: When Do I Get Settled For Transactions Done On My POS?
A: Settlement is T+1 i.e. (transaction + 1 day) within 24hours.
Q: Transactions Consummated On Friday Have Not Been Settled As At Monday Morning. How Can The Transactions Be Traced?
A: Transactions are usually settled on bank working days. Transactions done on Friday would be settled before close of business on Monday.
Q: What Is Internet Banking?
A: Internet banking is a real time solution that enables you access your account 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Q: Who Can Use Internet Banking?
A: All bank account holders, Corporate and individual.
Q: How Much Does It Cost To Get Internet Banking?
A: It is free.
Q: What Can A Customer Do With Internet Banking?
A: All customers can check account balances, view account statements, view and download transaction history for various accounts. In addition, individual account holders may transfer funds and make bills payments but corporate accounts cannot.
Q: What Infrastructure Has To Be In Place?
A: All you need is a personal computer or other device that is connected to the internet.
Q: How Do Customers Log In The First Time?
A: For first time log in, customers must use the account number and password provided in their ‘Internet Banking login activation letter’. The password must then be changed to one known by only the customer. The customer can choose to create their 4-digit PIN required for transaction authorization immediately after first log in or subsequently by clicking ‘Settings’ on the menu, and ‘Create online banking PIN’.
Q: What Are The Charges Associated With Using Internet Banking?
A: There are no charges, except for online fund transfer. Customers using the same bank  incur no charges, Local Money Transfer (LMT) transfer fee is ₦210. A transfer from an account to other banks will incur NEFT or Interswitch charges depending on the switching platform used to make the transfer.
Q: What Are The Switching Charges For Making Transfers On Internet Banking?
A: ₦100 flat.
Q: Can I Make Offshore Transfers From My Internet Banking?
A: Yes. However, you will require an ordinary domiciliary account to be able to do this.
Q: Is There A Fee For The Hardware Token?
A: Yes. The token comes at a fee of ₦3,500
Q: Is The Hardware Token Safe?
A: The latest electronic encryption technology ensures the safe transfer of information over the internet. You will be required to create your own password.
Q: How Often Can Customers Transfer Funds?
A: As often as possible up to a daily limit of 3 million to customers using the same bank  and 1 million to other bank accounts.
Q: Who/Where Can Funds Be Transferred To?
A: Funds can be transferred to both local and foreign beneficiaries.
Q: What Is Corporate Internet Banking?
A: Corporate Internet Banking is a secure online banking platform that enables customers make authorized payments and transfers to anyone in the world, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Q: What Is Corporate Internet Banking For?
A: Corporate I-Bank is for customers that make frequent local and/or international payments. It is specifically for corporate customers.
Q: What Can I Do With Corporate Internet Banking?
A: A customer can perform the following transactions:
Account Activity Monitoring/Reporting: View transaction logs, daily activities, download transaction reports.
* Funds Transfer within and outside Nigeria: Transfer money from your corporate account to any beneficiary’s account worldwide.
* Payroll Administration: Pay staff salaries electronically.
* Initiate draft requests from your office.
* Track Trade Finance Transactions: Monitor status of Letters of Credit, Payments, Confirmation and Establishments, Form M and Bills for Collection.
* View and transact on multiple bank accounts with other banks
* Make import duty payment and print receipts at your convenience.
Cheque Confirmation: confirm cheques online
* Integrate accounting systems to Corporate Internet Banking for even less human input.
* Upload all manner of documents to payment instructions such that they may be viewed at the click of a button.
* Audit Trail: Completely monitor all activities on the platform.

Q: What Are The Associated Cost?
A: Enrolling on Corporate Internet Banking is free. However, customers have to pay for the hardware token required for login and transaction authorization. Other transaction costs include:
   * Local Money Transfer (LMT) transfer fee is =N=210
   * Transfers to other banks incur charges based on the transfer platform used
Bills Payment may also incur a convenience fee, depending on the type of Bill being paid.
   * Transfers between Zenith Bank accounts are free.
Q: How Does Corporate Internet Banking Work?
A: With Corporate Internet Banking, different officers in the organization involved in the payment approval process are given specific roles on the Corporate Internet Banking platform. Whatever functions they needed to do manually can now be done online on the Corporate I-Bank platform.
Q: How Can I Access Corporate Internet Banking?
All you need is a personal computer or any other device with an Internet connection and your login details. Supported browsers  include Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari, Opera etc.
Q: What is AGSMEIS?
A: AGSMEIS means Agri-Business Small and Medium Enterprise Investment Scheme is a loan of 5% per annum implemented by the central bank of Nigeria through UBA as a disbursing bank for empowering potential entrepreneurs with the necessary equipment and working capital to kick start their businesses.
Q: What are CBN EDIs?
A: Central Bank of Nigeria Entrepreneurship Development Institutions are public and private institutions approved by the Central Bank of Nigeria to carry out vocational and entrepreneurship training for Entrepreneurs and SMEs
Q: Who can apply for AGSMEIS?
A: All Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises in the Agriculture sector, Education, Manufacturing, Service sector, including Information and Communication (ICT) and the Creative Industry
Q: Must I be a UBA customer before I can access this loan?
A: Yes. UBA will be the disbursement bank for your loan amount since it is paramount you have an account with the bank.
Q: Must I have to be certified by an Entrepreneurial development institute before I am qualified to access this loan?
A: YES. To be qualified to assess this loan you need to be trained and certified by any of CBN approved Entrepreneurial Development Centers closest to you. Accredited EDIs are all over the nation.
Q: Do I need collateral for this loan?
A: In an instance of asset acquisition; the asset acquired becomes the collateral and must be registered with National Collateral Registry(NCR).
For Working Capital Loan of N500,000 and below; the collateral is Personal Guarantee of the borrower.
If the working capital is above N500k, the obligor will submit a receipt of assets previously purchased, to cover the balance of the exposure
Q: Who do I submit my application form to?
A: Only eligible entrepreneurs that have been trained and certified will submit their application forms to the EDIs indicating United Bank for Africa as the disbursing bank for onward submission to CBN.
Q: If I am already in business, do I need to be certified by the entrepreneurial institutes to be qualified to access this loan?
A: One of the eligibility criteria is to be certified by a CBN approved Entrepreneurial development institutes.
Q: What is Personal Loan?
A: Personal loan is an uncollaterised loan accessible to staff of approved companies, whose salary accounts are domiciled with the bank.
Q: What is the minimum loan amount?
A:  If you are an employee of a private firm, the minimum loan amount you can apply for is N100,000 (One Hundred Thousand Naira only)
If you are an employee of a civil organisation, the minimum loan amount you can apply for is N50,000  (Fifty Thousand Naira only).
Q: What is the maximum loan amount I can apply for?
A: If you are an employee of the private sector, the maximum loan amount you can apply for is N30,000,000.00 (Thirty Million Naira Only)
If you are an employee of the civil service, the maximum loan amount you can apply for is N20,000,000.00 (Twenty Million Naira Only)
N.B: Maximum loan amount is subject to applicant’s net monthly/annual salary.
Q: What is the maximum loan tenor for Personal loan?
A: A customer in the private sector can enjoy loans for a tenor up to 60 months.
A customer in the civil service, you can get loans for a tenor of up to 48 months.
Q: What are the other fees to be paid on  Personal Loan?
No hidden charges, No management fee
Q: Is there a minimum and maximum age of eligibility?
A: Yes, applicant must not be less than 18 years at loan application date and should not be older than 55 years at loan maturity date.
A: What if I have an existing loan with other banks, can I still apply for a personal loan?
A: Yes, you can
Q: How long does it take to access Personal Loan?
A: Personal Loan will be availed immediately after a successful application.
Q:: What are the criteria to access the loan?
A: Customer must maintain an active salary account with UBA.
Customer must not have a history of dud cheques.
Customer must have a satisfactory credit report.
Q: How many times can I request for this loan?
A: As many times as you may require, as long as you have not exceeded your eligible limit.
Q: How do I apply for a loan?
A: To apply for any of  Consumer loan, a customer walks into the nearest Business Office and submits an application or sends an E-mail to his/her Relationship Manager to process the loan request.
Or apply through any of the bank’s channel mobile app, internet banking
Q: I want to apply for a loan, however, I do not have an account with you. What do I do?
A: To enjoy any of our loan products, you would need to open a  current account holder. Kindly walk into any  Business Office nearest to you.
Q: What are the available consumer loans?
A: The loan products currently available is:
– The  Personal Loan Product
– Asset Finance
– Auto Loans
Q: How do I know if I am eligible for a loan?
A:  To be eligible to obtain a loan facility, the following criteria are to be met:
– You must be a confirmed staff
– Your employer must be on the approved list of organizations for Personal Loans
– Net monthly salary should not be less than N12,000 (Twelve Thousand Naira).
Q: I am yet to be a confirmed staff of my firm, can I still get a loan?
A: No, please.
Q: What documents am I required to provide to obtain a loan facility?
A: To obtain the  Personal Loan, you would need to provide the following documents:
– A duly completed Loan Application Form.
– A copy of your pay slip and bank statement of account indicating salary inflows in the last 6 months.
– A letter of awareness from your current employer.
– A letter of Introduction and Awareness from your current employer.
– Positive credit search reports
Q: I just started working at my company. When will I be eligible to apply?
A: No, please. To be eligible to apply for the  Personal Loan Product, you must have been confirmed as a staff by your organisation.